		welcome to the killer, a super fun multiplayer shooter!
Getting started
When you first create an account, you will start out on a random location on the map. You can start killing with the following keys.
Up down, left right: walk.
Space: jump.
q and e: turn.
f: check facing direction.
c: check coordinates.
z: check zone.
Control: fires currently selected weapon.
number row: select weapons.
z: check ammo in a weapon.
h: Chekcs health.
left bracket: previous buffer.
right bracket: next buffer.
Comma: previous item in current buffer.
Period: next item in current buffer.
The buffer keys can have shift added to make previous and next become first and last.
slash: chat. If you are told to chat something beginning with a /, a command, you must hit this twice. Once for the chat box, the second time to type the slash.
I: opens inventory.
Shift with UP and Down: Move you in your inventory without needing the menu.
Shift with Enter: Activates an item in your inventory without needing the menu.
The features without needing the menu are refered to by developers as the quick inv.
Shift and a number: set a favorite item slot to the currently focused item.
Alt and a number: use that assigned favorite.
R: Reloads weapon if you have enough ammo.
Alt+r: checks your air.
Space: fire remote guns if controlling.
f5 or t: opens tracking menu. You can select a player with the enter key to track, hit f1 to copy the username, or f2 to pm.
w: tell where the player you are tracking is.
Grave accent, the key to the left of number row 1: track a zone.
n: tell directions to the tracked zone.
p: check nearby players.
k: get tell you player's thirst
j: get player's hunger
m: check nearby items and other objects.
o: who's online.
F1: Checks the message of the day.
F2: Toggles if you see online and offline messages.
F3: Tests your connection by pinging the server.
F4: Toggles if you see messages or not.
f6: Server stats.
F7: Gets server uptime.
f8: toggle speech of the game on or off.
f9: get local net traffic, how much data just you have sent/received.
f10: select language channel.
escape: exit stuff. Menus and input boxes, remgun controllers, vehicles, or the game.
vehicles:
if you're lucky enough to get your hands on a vehicle through the store, you'll want to know how to drive it.
Once using it's item, you will be placed within the vehicle.
Space will fire it's onboard weapon, artillery for tanks and laser for aircraft.
Escape will exit the vehicle, but only if it's completely shut off.
Enter starts and stops the engine.
While the engine is running, the following keys are operational.
up arrow: speed up.
Down arrow: slow down.
left arrow: turn 90 degrees left.
Right arrow: turn 90 degrees right.
h: report health and fuel of your vehicle.
Please note, if your vehicle runs out of fuel it's engine will shut off. This is harmless for tanks, but for aircrafts it is lethal and will cause you to immediately die, as you fall out of the sky.
Before your vehicle is out of fuel, a small alarm will begin to sound. You have this time to stop moving, turn off your engine, and refuel it by using a fuel tank from your invintory. Do note you will have to use the invintory menu to access the fuel tank, the quick inv is disabled while in vehicles due to key conflicts.
Do note that if your vehicle is destroyed you do not keep that item!
Shelters
Shelters are little buildings you can make with enough wood. You need at least 500 wood to make a shelter.
The shelter has a small console at 7, 7, 0. If you are on its square, you can press enter and a screen of menus will come up.
The shelter comes with a cabinet. This cabinet contains items you put in it, etc. It is located at 10, 10, 0.
From the shelter console you can access the old store.
Shelter generators.
As of version 1.7 the shelter now runs on power. If you have collected enough fuel tanks from the tanks and aircrafts, these same tanks can provide you with some power. If you run out of fuel, the shelter will turn off and all its alarms and the computer will not be useable. You can flip the power on and off at 12, 12, 0, and you must use fuel tanks on the outside generator.
Items
From time to time, the server will spawn items, just run near them and pick them up! Please note: Items will time out and if shot, will break.
Contact information and feedback
If you have anything to ask us, or need to report something you can contact me with the following information:
email: ahmad.mamon12@gmail.com
Conclusion:
we really hope you enjoy this game, as we have enjoyed working on it and have been trying to keep up with ideas and reports. Right now, we have received a donation and have an active server, so if you can please consider making a  donation to keep this game free! Maintaining a server is not very easy, so we need your help!
Copyright 2020 blindmasters.org, all rights reserved.